in this video we show you how to take a
screenshot on the Sony Xperia S so there
may be occasions where you actually want
to capture exactly what you see on
screen it may not be so easy to share a
link it might just be your background
your applications tray or anything
really well the Sony Xperia S has the
option to take a screenshot of exactly
what you see on screen now to do that
you need to be at the screen you want to
take a picture of so let's say for
example I want to take a picture of this
screen I have here all I need to do is
press the power button on the device for
about one second and this menu pops up I
click take screenshot and the device
will now capture the image it saves it
to your phone I then have the ability if
I wish to share it so I could send it
via email or send it by bluetooth for
example or have the ability to set it as
a picture for a contact as a wallpaper
if I chose or I can simply come
completely out of it by clicking back I
can go back to my home screen and that
picture has now been saved let's just
take a screen capture of something else
so I've gone into my phone here I want
to capture this picture of my dialer so
I press the power button for a second
click take screenshot leave it it takes
the picture and it's now saved it I have
the same options again for demonstration
purposes let's now go to those pictures
so depending on your setup you need to
go to the gallery and you may have a
shortcut actually on-screen or you'll
need to go to your applications menu
click gallery and you'll see in here we
have two pictures
so we have the picture of the phone
dialer exactly as we saw it and it was
taken and I can scroll through to the
other picture of my applications tray as
I took it so that is how you take a
screenshot on the Sony Xperia S